and if you look at the boards over here
that bright red and all this and if I
was a millennial I'd be concerned as you
know people say what can I do well
everybody can go out and buy silver
right now the other thing is at what am
i investing in I'm still in real estate
you know why
interest rates are so low another thing
too I'm investing in my friends school
know why I'm investing in school one
reason all right guys it's been an
insane week with the coronavirus the Dow
plunging 2,000 points interest rates at
an all-time low and goals and silver
prices fluctuating all over the place in
today's episode we talked about what all
of this means and we give you three
things you can do to take action today
today we have a very urgent and timely
topic it's March 9th 2020 and we have
something you need to hear right now so
you can start taking action and I'm here
with the expert himself Robert Kiyosaki
so thank you for joining us because you
have an abundance of knowledge to share
with us today so we can start taking
action and I think both of these books
who saw my pension and a Rich Dad
prophecy and fake tie-in to everything
we need to know for today's market and
so Robert with all the craziness going
on let's set the record straight what's
going on with the market and are we
heading into recession that's a good
question because as if you watch the
news it's fake all but this is my book
here fake fake money fake teachers and
fake assets and right now as I said that
blaming Trump for this whole crash well
I have a different point of view and you
know I'm not Republican or Democrat I
know why people hate Trump if he there's
no sense talking to somebody who hates
him Joe I mean because they can't hear a
word you say
so if you hate him keep hating them you
know you can't blame him for the crash
keep blaming him I think the only
president I really liked was a guy named
John Kennedy and they shot him so it's
it's not a good profession to be because
you can't win you know I may have Bernie
Sanders and you have Biden and you have
Globo char and Warren and I don't know
well as you got
but it's a zoo and to blame Trump for
the crash through dickless because in
heron this book here's rich dad's
prophecy I started writing this book in
1999 and in 1999 I said in 2016 the
market would crash but it didn't crash
and there's many reasons why it didn't
crash one reason was I didn't foresee
quantitative easing yeah I didn't think
it would print that much money and as I
still can't believe it I couldn't
believe interest rates with gold below
zero so that's why I didn't crash but
also in 2016
Trump got elected so it was on on course
on schedule to crash in 2016 but today
we have a coronavirus scare which is I
don't I don't know if it's real or not
real because I'm not a doctor but it
really was just a house of cars or a set
of dominoes that was set to crash and if
you look at the boards over here they're
bright red and all this and if I was a
millennial I'd be concerned yeah I'd be
very very concerned because the boomers
like me we had it so easy you know back
when I graduated from school in 1969
there are high paying jobs stock market
kept going up real estate kept going up
it was fantastic but you guys may look
at that bright red board I would be
questioning what am I going to do now
yeah and I think fear is driving the
market right now because yeah because
the the Dow is down 7% you know like you
mentioned the interest rates all that
and so it's like how do how do we
prepare for this disaster that's coming
up yeah and then you know you and I and
your mother and father are on the cruise
last year I wouldn't want to want a
cruise liner right now some guidance
some guy who works for Trump says don't
go on and he cruises another thing he
says if you're old
don't go anywhere well that's me that's
the baby boomers inside so if the baby
boomers don't go on cruises that all fly
on planes
Italy is shut down right now China's in
trouble America might go it might go the
same way
what does a millennial do right hmm
what ideas you have yeah so for okay
just just taking a look at everything
how everything's crashing and I mean
even real estate like even though the
interest rates are low it's still at an
all-time high for the prices so for me
honestly all I see is confusion but
there has been a lot of talk about gold
and how gold can be kind of like an
insurance or or it can protect you from
the disaster that's coming up
because when the interest rates go down
gold usually Rises correct that for your
generation it's also Bitcoin or a theory
I meant all that thing so there's things
you can do okay so that's the difference
and what do well at the class would you
think would be the best to invest in
with the catastrophe that's coming up
well again so here's this the latest so
this book came out in 20 2002 or some
you know they you know no way to I came
out then this is fucked fake fake money
fake teachers fake assets and what's
real money is gold and silver
you know golden solve our God's money
God made them not any I'm not really
religious but God made their money
unlike Bitcoin unlike unlike the dollar
the pace or the yen but who stole my
pension just came out and because why
are that's affecting us is the real
reason this is the prophecy is real is
because the pensions are crashing and
when I when I came back from Vietnam was
25 years old about your age my poor dad
was poor I just come back from Vietnam
he was unemployed he had no job you had
no paycheck and he had no pension yet
PhD so he didn't know anything so that's
why the Rich Dad company was founded you
know some some years later it's because
I had to prove I knew what I was doing
so I could get rich without a job
without paychecks a lot of pension and
that's why the Rich Dad company was
founded because with the right financial
education this crash would be the best
thing that ever happened to you but if
you're thinking like my poor debt PhD
poor helpless and desperate you'll
probably be just like him yeah that's
the problem because you know you have
goober is a complete
stock market scam you have we work yet
peloton lose all your generation stocks
and their complete shams but they make a
lot of money right now so the reason I'm
saying this is your greatest asset is
this your brain and that's why we
created this board game here cash flow
so if you if you take this game and you
actually play it and study it and study
with your friends and all that you'll
get smarter so instead of getting
crushed you have a chance there's no
guarantee of it because if that's let's
say there's a hundred people watching
today
two of you will do something okay so
going back again twenty five years being
fifty years now when I graduated from
school when I was 25 years old all of my
friends wanted high-paying jobs so I get
out of the Marine Corps mm-hm and what
many of my classmates that they went to
fly for United Airlines so they made a
lot of money for them it was a lot of
money that's about four hundred thousand
a year I didn't take that route instead
I went to work for Xerox to learn how to
sell because if you're going to be an
entrepreneur you've gotta sell so when I
say that the most people they well I
don't want to sell so you're not gonna
learn that way then I had to learn how
to public speak that I learned to write
books and all this so I get richer and
richer and richer as the economy goes
down so all of you listening right now
this is your greatest asset so I created
this board game here and you have a
chance because while your classmates are
crashing and burning you might go the
other way cuz most of my classmates are
broke right now my friends who are
captain's for United Airlines their
pensions disappeared I think in two
thousand nine or ten got wiped out so we
have the Rich Dad radio show right now
and we having a multi-part series on
pensions now most of you guys say well I
don't have to worry I'm still young
right yeah that's that's a nine separate
yeah but see you're luckier than most
Millennials because you had mom and dad
who think like entrepreneurs right and
you don't have the student loan debt
among many of friends yeah I will say
that
you have that advantage because from
Jung I was programmed that way and I
know that many people for example right
now that with the markets and how
everything's just on there in the red
right now you come to think we've been
working for the wrong kind of income
because if a recession does come or if
it's coming then
we're relying on a salary that's not
going to adjust to whatever effect that
I think the economy has whether it's
inflation or not and so it's like how do
how do you prepare for this how does an
average person that didn't have a
financial education before prepare for
this and is a recession coming right and
so your dad you know I have been friends
for 25 years yeah 25 and your mom is
kicking his butt now and the thing I
want to say this this board game here
cash flow you can play it a thousand
times if you play it a thousand times
it's a different game each time you play
it you're playing with friends you'll
get smarter and smarter but out of a
hundred people only two will do it and
that's what happened to my classmates
you know they're still there are great
pilots for United Airlines they're broke
they're broke they went to college have
college degrees
they have no pension because they bought
the drank the kool-aid of go to school
get a job and get a pension and this
crash here may be the end of the earth
and what's probably going to happen is
called MMT mmt is modern monetary theory
I call it Marxist money monetary theory
and that's why Bernie Sanders and
Elizabeth Warren they said let's attack
the rich let stack the rich and they
hate Trump and people are blaming Trump
now for this crash and I said it was
already in the cards 2016 it was gonna
go down anyway it's just that Trump got
elected whatever goes up has to come
down and it's coming down the bigger
service aboard is bright red so the
biggest thing here is that what I say to
young people is invest in this here
because that's all I did so I listened
to all my rich dad was founded back in
1997 which is an army yours at 22 years
now
but the reasons we believe in teaching
people to fish our school system teaches
you to give people fish and there's 20%
of the pipe is 8020 rule is called
Pareto's law 80% versus 20% so 80% of
the people need to learn how to fish
20% need to be given fish the problem is
what Bernie Sanders and Elizabeth Warren
and all these socialists and communists
are saying they're good people I agree
with them but the number of people who
need to be given fish only increases
yeah so you can listen to the
schoolteachers who say that we should
take care of the poor and we should but
not by giving that money whenever
learned that way and the problem will
just keep growing and growing yep
another one of my heroes this guy Jordan
Peterson you know I mean the school
teachers hate him and he's a school
teacher he's a professor at Harvard and
I think Toronto in Canada he said
something very very profound the other
day he says when these guys talk about
what we stand for is taking care of the
homeless and the poor he says that's not
what they're stand for this guy Jordan
Peterson was brilliant man he's at three
is writing a book a day and the school
teachers are attacking him and
everything that he's a school teacher so
he says it's not what that person stands
for it's not that Bernie Sanders stands
for free medical education what Bernie
stands for and Warren and all those
socialists stand for is they're against
the rich you know so they say yeah I'm
for the poor but they're really against
the rich and that really bugs me so
that's what Jordan Peterson saying
that's what the school teachers attack
him and what I'm for is teaching people
to fish that's why we have the cash flow
game that's what I have there's books
and all this you know Kenny McEvoy my
real estate guy was his just here and
this market is going to come down it's
going to be the biggest crash in world
history because pensions are the biggest
problem in the world I called it in here
back in nineteen 2002 is on Africa the
date it was supposed to crash in 2016
until Trump got elected and
quantitative easing now they kept
printing so they're blaming Trump right
now it's not Trump it's our school
system we're still teaching people to
work for money and give poor people
money and this 20% that needs to be
given money but the rest of you can do
something at the end of the day no one
can save us when when the worst comes to
hit right and so it's the only thing we
can actually do in like you said
investing is there financial education
to be able to save ourselves from this
current disaster and this doesn't cost a
college a jury
you'll have to think I was to that low
debt yeah and you can teach a hundred
people with it you can't with a lot of
fun or you go to school and listen to a
communist that's what I'm saying
most of these school teachers come from
the Communist point of view which is we
got to give people fish that's modern
monetary theory mmt Marxist money theory
that's Bernie Sanders and little
Elizabeth Warren I don't disagree with
them I feel for the poor but I don't
think we should give them fish we should
teach them to fish and that's the
difference and they're not for the poor
they're against the rich is a very big
difference now as we say in this book
the biggest crooks are on Wall Street
they are the biggest banks they're JP
Morgan Goldman Sachs Wall Street but
that's not capitalism that's criminal
corruption corruption so that's why
we're here at Rich Dad the last thing I
want to say is this
it's the biggest opportunity in the
history of the world this crash is going
to be so big look at that red board
again I don't think any more
quantitative easing can Stan start it
yep even if they solve the coronavirus
crisis it's still gonna crash so so and
that's that's something I wanted to ask
you to the media makes it seem like okay
Trump's to blame or the coronavirus is
to blame it's the school teachers that
are blaming hmm they're communists and
we saw this I mean you've been saying
for a while it's gonna it's gonna hit
it's gonna hit it's gonna hit and now
they just take advantage of an
opportunity to blame it on something and
I'm not against school teachers it's
there
financial philosophy my whole family are
schoolteachers they taught me the same
thing they tell me the same thing I said
when you gonna get a job I said I don't
want a job I don't what a pension
I don't want a paycheck so they final
questions or thoughts on this no I just
want to think your honor because I think
this is a very timely episode and I
think this needs to really jump out to
everybody because I know we're we're all
in fear we're all scared right now we
don't know what's happening I'm excited
you're excited and that's why I think if
if people concentrate on their financial
education pick up the board again one of
these books and started actually doing
something about it like you said maybe
there's two people out there but maybe
those two other people can influence
someone else yeah when you teach you get
smarter mm-hmm let's go school teacher
yeah and so the time is now and people
you know have been waiting for a
recession the time is now and the time
to take action is right now and so the
missus said this you know people said
what can I do well everybody can go out
and buy silver right now silver price
went down today yeah that's good news
it's less than 20 bucks
everybody in the world can afford 20
bucks but again out of the hundred only
two might buy things over mm-hmm the
other thing is what am i investing in
I'm still in real estate you know why
interest rates are so low the housing
prices are high that's why there's a
bubble and property but I'm building
old-age homes right the old I you know
called senior living for me as Kim says
you know she's reserved the penthouse
for me it's a big market and in 2020 to
2030 there'll be 2 billion all guys like
me turning 65 and 1 billion all over the
world and REM will only keep getting
higher because people won't be able to
afford a house anymore
well they have to have a house more food
so there's more opportunity you can buy
silver 20 bucks everybody can do it
two out of a hundred might do it why
because they don't they're lazy I'm
building and I'm borrowing more money to
build this assisted living property
right on Camelback on 32nd Street the
other thing too I'm investing in my
friends school know why I'm investing in
school one raisin
you know it's because he's gonna buy the
real estate for the school I'm a real
estate guy well where does his money
come from it comes from the government
because of the laws of America every
child must have an education so every
school is funded by the federal
government and the state government so
my source of funds is really really
strong when I invest in a school so I'm
still investing
I'm just not investing in a 401 K ETFs
mutual funds or I don't want a pension
those are the differences so there's
more opportunity never before but not if
you went to school that's the problem
yeah and and I mean right there you just
gave people three actions that they can
do three things that they can do today
and start implementing in their life
today so I'm glad we're releasing this
and we did we moved everything so we can
give this to the audience and I think
it's really important that we start
taking action and we'll be putting these
books in the description below get
together with two to five friends play
the cashflow game support study discuss
and you'll get smarter this is the
greatest opportunity to history of the
world it's also the worst time in world
history but what you do with those up to
you yeah it depends what side you're on
and thank you Robert so much because I
think a lot of people will appreciate
this as to all we hear is fear and no
action so thank you Robert and I hope
everybody will be safe safe safe safe
from the coronavirus and take care
everybody think you're Robert thank you
thanks for watching and don't forget to
share this video with your friends and
family or someone who might need it and
subscribe to our Channel and hit the
notification bell if you want to keep up
with today's market and stay safe out
there so I can see you in the next one
[Music]